### â„¹ï¸ Make Logging in Python

Logging refers to the practice of recording events or messages from a software application, system, or device into a file or a centralized logging system.

Logging and monitoring are fundamental pillars of DevOps principles, playing a vital role in ensuring robust ML practices. It allows developers and data scientists to track the execution flow of an ML system, identify errors, and diagnose issues.

> **AWS Logs**
>
> In AWS Lambda, the logs generated by your Lambda functions are stored in _Amazon CloudWatch Logs_.
> 
> _CloudWatch Logs_ is a fully managed service provided by AWS that allows you to collect, monitor, and store logs from various AWS services, including Lambda.

#### ðŸ“Œ Dependencies

Create a `venv` and install dependencies:

```bash
    # Create environment
    $ python3 -m venv venv  

    # Activate environment
    $ source venv/bin/activate

    # Install dependencies
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
``` 

#### â“ï¸ How to use the project

To see a example of how to point `stderr` to a file, run :

```bash
    python3 stderr_example.py
```

To see examples of the library `logging`, run :

```bash
    python3 logging_example.py
```

To see a example of how **logging** can be used in Machine Learning projects, run :

```bash
    python3 use_logging_ml.py
```



To see a example of how **logging** can be used in AWS (_Amazon CloudWatch Logs_), run :

```bash
    python3 aws_logs.py
```

Some applications generate huge log loads, which makes local storage unfeasible. Furthermore, it is in the interest of companies that the logs are stored centrally, facilitating their use to generate improvements.

Therefore, it is interesting to store logs in AWS S3 storage. To see a example of how to do this, run :

```bash
    python3 aws_logs_s3.py
```

> :warning: Erro when run **aws_logs_s3.py**
> 
>  raise error_class(parsed_response, operation_name)
botocore.errorfactory.BucketAlreadyOwnedByYou: An error occurred (BucketAlreadyOwnedByYou) when calling the CreateBucket operation: Your previous request to create the named bucket succeeded and you already own it.
>
> Change the **bucket_name** :
> ```python
>   bucket_name = "log-bucket-2-" + username # Change bucket name
> ```
> Try to run again :
> ```bash
>   python3 aws_logs_s3.py 
> ```

<br>
@2024, Insper. 9Â° Semester,  Computer Engineering.
<br>

_Machine Learning Ops & Interviews Discipline_